Data Scientist- job post
Robert Half
12,782 reviews
Beaverton, OR 97006•Remote
$115,000 - $186,000 a year

Title: Data Scientist
Location: 100% Remote
Salary: $115k-$186k

Technical Keys:
Proficiency in scripting with Python, R
Git, Kubernetes,
Version Control
Snowflake, Tableau
Experience with Cloud technologies i.e. AWS, Azure, etc.
Proficiency with SQL/SQL Databases
Nice to have's:
Masters Degree in STEM, Economics, Mathematics, Finance etc.
Experience with Dataiku strongly preferred
Background in finance
Python, R Studio, GIT, Kubernetes, Kubernetes, Version Control, Snowflake, Tableau, Cloud Technologies, Microsoft SQL, Microsoft SQL Server Database

Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.®

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.

Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.

Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4429. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.

© 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use .
Hiring Insights
Job activity
Posted 30+ days ago

Robert Half
30+ days ago
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.