Job ID: JR0204333 Job Category: Engineering Support Primary Location: Haifa, IL Other Locations: Job Type: Experienced Hire  Experienced Data Scientist  Who We Are?  The Core and Client CAD (CCCAD) is a worldwide organization that delivers an end-to-end design system for development of IPs, Cores and SOCs. This business group partners with the Semiconductor, IP and EDA eco-systems and leverages an incomparable mix of experts with different backgrounds, cultures, perspectives, and experiences to deliver a world-class design system that powers Intel’s leadership products.  Do you want to take part in revolutionize chip design techniques? We are seeking a data scientist with a passion to introduce machine learnings techniques into new domains and solve problems which are challenging for traditional approach. We work closely with various product groups, bringing tools and capabilities to enable Intel design.  What will you do?  Be the Data Science and ML solution technical leader for the project.  Design, implement, and deliver solutions through the project lifetime.  Work on various data sources and apply sophisticated feature engineering capabilities.  Establish technical networking by building relationships with customers, partners, and stakeholders.  #CCCAD  #PESG  * Please be informed that Intel is proactively trying to find candidates for this position and that it may not be available at this time.      Qualifications    MSc/PhD in Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields.  At least 5 years of work experience as Data scientist/ML solution developer.  Proven experience in delivering solution to customers.  Experience in NLP, Graph Algorithms, CAD, or similar domain – an advantage.  Product Enablement Solutions Group (PESG) is one of the key pillars, enabling Intel product design teams get to market faster with winning leadership products.  This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site.
